Replace PID file if process does not exist (#1128)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

- ⚡️ breaking change
- 🐞 bugfix

## Unreleased

> - ⚠️ VAST no longer requires you to manually remove the PID file it was left
>   behind from a previous instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⚠️ VAST no longer requires you to manually remove a stale PID file from a
  no-longer running `vast` process. Instead, VAST prints a warning and
  overwrites the old PID file.
```
